Title: COUPLES: it's time to prioritise your relationship

----

Author: 

----

Releasedate: 

----

Text: 

COUPLES: IT’S TIME YOU FOUND MORE TIME FOR EACH OTHER
Some of you may have heard about us now and be thinking ‘a dating service for couples, are we beyond dating now’ -the answer? well yes and no. Just because you’re in a comfortable long term relationship doesn’t mean you can just slide into relax mode and just expect things to allows plod along swimmingly. In fact it’s quite the opposite. Experts say that couples that get complacent in their long term relationships can often experience some periods of negativity on one or both sides of the partnership. This could be due to a lack of enough time to organise activities together, stress from work commitments or simply just not prioritising the your time together as a couple. 

If you’re experiencing a bit of a low point in your relationship or just can’t find the time to connect and communicate with your partner, you’re not alone. And this is precisely the issue that we want to help couples address and remedy. Experts, such as Channel 10’s The Living Rooms health expert Leanne Hall has said to us: “I’m a big fan of ensuring couples take scheduled time off to be with each other.” And this is what we want to help you with. LVRS organises a great experience for you and your partner to enjoy every month. We aim to make it as simple as possible to experience something new and different with your partner that has been specifically arranged to help you reconnect, communicate and creatne new and fun memories with your lived one.

Dedicating time to your relationship won’t only help sustain a healthy and positive relationship, but can also help to decrease stress levels, increase happiniess and also focus and motivation at work. 

So where do you start? As a first step talk with your partner and discuss whether perhaps a little time together organised each month could be fun. Then make it happen. Whether that means organising a baby sitter, or asking for that one evening off from work. Know that by doing you’re not only helping yourself, but also your partner lead a happier healthier life.